README.md, before:

# Who's That Pokémon?

A fun web game inspired by the classic Pokémon TV show segment "Who's That Pokémon?" Built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- Random Pokémon selection from the first generation (151 Pokémon)
- Silhouette guessing game
- Score tracking with local storage
- Responsive design
- Beautiful animations

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- PokéAPI
- Axios

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone [your-repo-url]
cd [your-repo-name]
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to play the game.

## How to Play

1. You'll be shown a silhouette of a Pokémon
2. Type your guess in the input field
3. You have 5 attempts to guess correctly
4. Score points for correct guesses
5. Try to beat your high score!

## Deployment

This project is configured for easy deployment on Netlify. Simply connect your GitHub repository to Netlify and it will automatically deploy your application.

## Contributing

Feel free to open issues and pull requests!

Commit message:

Add MIT License and update README with author and license information

README.md, after:

# Who's That Pokémon?

A fun web game inspired by the classic Pokémon TV show segment "Who's That Pokémon?" Built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- Random Pokémon selection from the first generation (151 Pokémon)
- Silhouette guessing game
- Score tracking with local storage
- Responsive design
- Beautiful animations

## Technologies Used

- Next.js 14
- TypeScript
- Tailwind CSS
- Framer Motion
- PokéAPI
- Axios

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/youpv/whosthatpokemon.git
cd whosthatpokemon
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to play the game.

## How to Play

1. You'll be shown a silhouette of a Pokémon
2. Type your guess in the input field
3. You have 5 attempts to guess correctly
4. Score points for correct guesses
5. Try to beat your high score!

## Deployment

This project is configured for easy deployment on Netlify. Simply connect your GitHub repository to Netlify and it will automatically deploy your application.

## Author

Created by Youp Verkooijen (contact@youp.dev)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

Feel free to open issues and pull requests! Please note that by contributing to this project, you agree to have your contributions licensed under the MIT License.
